Fill out the rest of the Ruby code below so that output similar to
"Sample Output" is sent to the terminal. To get such output, read
some text from a file in process and pass that text to the block
provided to each call. Note that everything you need to work on is
either part of the process method or part of one of the 3 blocks. No
other additions or changes are required. The text you use does not
have to produce the same numbers as the sample output, but should
have the indicated format.

We want to invite you to contribute your unique solution or
analysis. The goal here is to showcase the variety of ways in which
this exercise can be solved, and the various tradeoffs one has to
consider when working to a solution. Please do not submit redundant
solutions, or solutions you haven't tested, or solutions that
contain errors. It's not mandatory that you submit a solution. If
you do, make sure it's a somewhat good solution that may be useful
to others who are learning.

Use the form below to add your solution or analysis for this
exercise. You can include a link to a gist or pastebin, or write
your entire solution right here. Make sure to use proper formatting
so your code shows up correctly and preview your code first. You may
include some commentary about your code and the tradeoffs you took,
or some analysis about this exercise and its solutions. Make sure
your solution fulfills all of the provided examples, if any, and
doesn't contain any obvious errors.